Raggedy Ann Game Paradata

Elise Anderson

Introduction:
In my opinion, video games are a medium that have not even come close to reaching their potential as a tool. The ability to make a user (or player) engage with entirely fabricated surroundings is incredibly powerful. In the case of my Raggedy Ann doll, it had previously just been a 3d model with its meaning largely inferred. However, now an audience can not only read about its history, but experience it.

Why has it been created and for what use?

1) I wanted to create a new way to engage with the history of the Raggedy Ann doll through video games
2) I wanted to make the player feel nostalgia for the time period (or idea of the time period) or their own childhood, and provoke their own thoughts on memory
3) I wanted to create a functional game, with some aspects of challenge, an interesting story, and some degree of immersion

Approach and methods/steps

I created the ideas for game mechanics/story/atmosphere over several weeks, using the history of the model for inspiration. I created groups of ideas for memories to piece together a story. From here, I created maps, sprites and events using RPG Maker MV. I made the maps maze-like to add challenge, and create a sense of an imaginary world. I additionally used scripts from Khas and Yanfly for additional customization and to use a fog effect in game. To "code" the game, I used a series of boolean variables (switches) as well as an item inventory to keep track of memories and game progress. I used music from 8bituniverse to further the nostalgic tone and place the setting in the 70s/80s. I then exported the files and uploaded them to google drive. 

Uncertainty and Alternate Interpretation
Because of the personal nature of all the memories, the way the game is interpreted could vary wildly depending on the player. I tried to keep the memories specific enough to show they're real, but short and vague enough that the audience can still relate (or at least invoke a new thought due to it). The setting itself is vaguely East Coast 1970s/80s, it envokes motifs of this but is still vague/dreamlike/open to interpretation. The whole point is to envoke a feeling, an experience, and a way of thinking about memory. Therefore, this experience will be unique to the player (or even just to that specific playthrough). There's also the aspect of it being a beta beta beta game, so the lack of polish means that glitches can also affect the player's experience and interpretation. 
