So for this module I have decided to modify the rubric for my project. I didn't actually give myself a grade though since I always nitpick
and overthink my own work and would probably end up failing myself despite spending tens of hours on this thing. So, rather than spending 
even more time psychoanalyzing myself, I'll let the work speak for itself but let the rubric reflect what I feel is most important.

The points are a little weird, but allow me to explain.

/8 Process Notes/Paradata - Yeah I'm starting this on a /8 scale, don't judge me. If one of my hotels in Egypt was allowed to boast 
a 4.9/6 star rating, I can make a 8 point rubric! :P Basically, I felt for this module what we did/talked about in class blended in a lot
more than usual into the process notes on how I approached my game. Since I was basically combining 2 categories into 1, I wanted it to be 
more than 5, but less than a full 10 to make room for other aspects. I also wrote a LOT more process notes and wednesday challenge notes 
than usual and want them to count for something. See overthinking above, I spent a week and a half before starting the game (and then more 
after starting) basically bouncing ideas around for atmosphere, mechanics, graphics, feasability, etc. Making a game is a full on production
of a ton of different elements (including lectures) so I felt this was really important.

/2 Hypothesis - Hypothesis is here for hypothesis' sake. I also sucked at doing hypothesis live this time since I did all the readings on my
tablet (when you're jet lagged/sleep deprived you make up every excuse to not have to get out of bed/get your laptop) so trying to minimize
the damage here. 

/10 Game - Obviously, I spend the majority of my time working on the game itself. As I mentioned previously, I spent a lot of time trying to
pull together a bunch of aspects (graphics, mechanics, ideas, themes, atmosphere, extra scripts, music, etc). This section has to do with 
the actual result of my efforts. Now, my game is far from perfect (see: the fact that there are some random walls you can run up thanks to
RPG Maker's weird passage settings) and I wish I could have done more if I had more time. However, I think I was successful at accomplishing
an idea, creating at atmosphere, using my model in a unique way, and creating an interactive experience from scratch. I really enjoyed this
module and thus wanted the majority of the marks to reflect what I made. 

Thank you!
